Hey
Hey, don't forget what you promised me.
Ouch, my aunt, I've been melting all day.
Even a cow needs a break
Who asked you to lie to me?
I'll tell you, 100 paintings, one less won't do.
Okay, okay, you are right, you have the final say
Boy can catch my fist
Something, you
Who are you not?
Owe someone a favor
Just break your hands and feet today
It's not that you are sick
Someone owes you a favor, you come to me
I tell you I'm not to be trifled with
Get out
It depends on how capable you are
Wrong, right, right, wrong, wrong.
Wrong wrong wrong say
Who made you deal with me?
Yes, Brother Liu owed the Liu Keng family this favor many years ago
Brother Liu asked me to deal with you
It's him again
Ok clean
And so forth.
Why do you want to be beaten again?
Ah, it's not that I call you big brother.
I want to learn from you
Let go bro no
You won't let go if you don't promise me
Ok ok I see your performance
You let go first
Thank you master
master
When I came today, I heard from Liu Xiong and Wang Fan
I'm dealing with someone named Lin
Lin Shishi pair
It's Lin Shishi